Jo Schmidt johansc@siue.edu (Section 001)
Isak Fagerland ifagerl@siue.edu (Section 002)

What worked? 
I am very proud of how we compartmentalized each scheduler. I had a habit in previous classes to get overwhelmed looking at the whole picture rather than bite sized
pieces. I always enjoy working with Isak; I think we compliment each other well. We both had a decent understanding of the theory behind each scheduler and
implemented linked lists well.

What did not work?
Our first iterations of the MLFQ was a major struggle. It took Isak rapid fireing questions to Dr. Crk in order for us to truly get a working schdeuler. However, our
initial attempts were well rounded and certainly were headed in the right direction. The most difficult part was getting all the pieces in the right order.

What were you responsible for in the project?
I was the driving force for the lottery scheduler while Isak finished strong with the MLFQ. I drew a multitude of linked lists to explain what the threadssched.c was
doing and how we needed to change it. I made order of operations for each scheduler, what needed to happen and where inside the scheduler function. A lot of debugging,
especially with the lottery scheduler, happened on my end but this doesn't mean I fixed the problem every time!! Isak would take what I found, such as where at in the
code our implementation failed, and tweak it or tell me what he thought the solution was. This happened the other way around too, with me telling Isak simmple ways to
navigate errors. Each of us like our code to look certain ways (and Isak uses emacs while I'm still stuck in vim :)) so we each make our own projects with slightly 
different output formats but the same methods. 

What could be done differently next time?
I think this is one of our best performances as a group. I often felt imposter syndrome when working with Isak but with this project we both expressed how much we 
appreciate working with each other. We're both in honors so the imposter syndrome is probably to be expected... but I really am proud of how we split the work with
this project. It came down to the wire in the end but I think we started it soon enough and simply underestimated just how much work the MLFQ scheduler would take. 
Overall, I don't see any glaring issues I'd fix for next time, rather I am very pleased with Isak's and my teamwork. 
